docs: rewrite and split first copy and paste usecase (#921)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/usecases/current/copy_paste_within_same_map.md

- **Status:** Analysis
- **Assignee:** Christoph N.

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**
  The user has opened the app on a key-controlled device and, on one of his maps, made a selection of elements that he wants to copy and paste into that same map.
- **Main success scenario:**
  - The user copies the selection by pressing CTRL-C.  
    The user clicks anywhere on that same map.  
    The user pastes the copied selection into the map by pressing CTRL-V.  
    The pasted selection of elements is placed in the map at the user's last click position right before pasting.
- **Alternative scenarios:**
  - The user pastes a copied selection without having clicked anywhere else on the map after copying.  
    The pasted selection is placed with a horizontal and vertical offset next to the copied selection.
  - The user pastes a copied selection several times in a row.  
    The pasted selections are each placed with a horizontal and vertical offset next to each other.
  - The user pastes a copied selection while having other element(s) currently selected.  
    The pasted selection is placed with a horizontal and vertical offset next to the currently selected element(s).

>   - The user pastes a copied selection having the base layer selected and no pasting happens.  
>     The user selects another layer and successfully pastes that selection of elements into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The user pastes a copied selection having the base layer selected and a warning appears advising the correct layer.  
    The user selects the correct layer and successfully pastes that selection of elements into it.
```

# Use Case: Copy & Paste of Selection Within the Same Map via CTRL-C & CTRL-V

## Summary

- **Scope:** All Layers, except Base
- **Level:** User Goal
- **Actors:** App User
- **Brief:** The user can copy and paste a selection of elements, including succeeding crops, within one map.
- **Status:** Analysis
- **Assignee:** Christoph N.

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**
  The user has opened the app on a key-controlled device and, on one of his maps, made a selection of elements that he wants to copy and paste into that same map.
- **Main success scenario:**
  - The user copies the selection by pressing CTRL-C.  

>     He clicks anywhere on that same map.  

Reviewer: What about pasting where currently the mouse is positioned?

>     He clicks anywhere on that same map.  

Reviewer: Are there studies about how to do intuitive pasting?

I think many painting applications, as they currently paste, are not very intuitive.

I think having a marker is the most intuitive way (it is similar to a cursor in word processing and we refer to this marked point also in other ways in PermaplanT, like for plant suggestion).

    He pastes the copied selection into the map by pressing CTRL-V.  
    The pasted selection of elements is placed in the map at the user's last click position right before pasting.
- **Alternative scenarios:**
  - The user pastes a copied selection without having clicked anywhere else on the map after copying.  
    The pasted selection is placed with a horizontal and vertical offset next to the copied selection.
  - The user pastes a copied selection twice or more times in a row.  
    The pasted selections are each placed with a horizontal and vertical offset next to each other.
  - The user pastes a copied selection while having other element(s) currently selected.  
    The pasted selection is placed with a horizontal and vertical offset next to the currently selected element(s).
  - The user pastes a copied selection having the base layer selected and no pasting happens.  

>     He selects another layer and successfully pastes that selection of elements into it.

Reviewer: 1. the sentence should be generalized: base layer is not the only wrong layer
2. Yvonne and I think there should be some information for the user in this case. Let us have a general guidelines that there should be toasts to inform users about that they need to change to layer X so that operation could work. (I know you don't like toasts so much but we think it is okay in these cases).

- **Error scenarios:**
  - The user attempts to copy and paste a selection but the app is experiencing technical difficulties and is unable to complete the request, displaying an error message.
  - The user attempts to copy an amount of elements which exceeds a set max limit.  
    The app informs the user that he tried to copy too many elements at once.
- **Intercondition:**
  - The copied selection of elements stays selected and has the transformer shown around it.
- **Postconditions:**
  - The user's map contains the copied and pasted selection of elements.
  - No elements, including the freshly pasted selection of elements, are selected.
  - No transformer is shown anywhere on the map.
- **Non-functional Constraints:**
  - Alternatives (selected elements depend on which alternative layer is selected)
  - The user should be able to undo/redo the pasting of a copied selection of elements.
  - Any copy & pasted element should have its own identity in the map, i.e. it's a unique Konva node on the current canvas.
  - Any mouse click, i.e. left-/middle-/right-click, should be accepted for setting the target position of the next pasting.

>   - The shortcuts for copying and pasting (CTRL-C and CTRL-V) should be stored in a central place, i.e. preferably in a JSON file, where future keybindings will be added too.

Reviewer: Daniel (the new one) will make this.

```suggestion
  - The shortcuts for copying and pasting (CTRL-C and CTRL-V) should be stored in a central place where future keybindings will be added too.
```
